Audio system overhaul (#11820)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/config_options.md

  * turns on the alternate audio voices (to cycle through)
* `#define C4_AUDIO`
  * enables audio on pin C4
  * Depricated. Use `#define AUDIO_PIN C4`
* `#define C5_AUDIO`
  * enables audio on pin C5
  * Depricated. Use `#define AUDIO_PIN C5`
* `#define C6_AUDIO`
  * enables audio on pin C6
  * Depricated. Use `#define AUDIO_PIN C6`
* `#define B5_AUDIO`

>   * enables audio on pin B5 (duophony is enables if one of B pins is enabled along with one of C pins)
>   * Depricated. Use `#define AUDIO_PIN B5`, or use `#define AUDIO_PIN_ALT B5` if a `C` pin is enabled with `AUDIO_PIN`
> * `#define B6_AUDIO`
>   * enables audio on pin B5 (duophony is enables if one of B pins is enabled along with one of C pins)
>   * Depricated. Use `#define AUDIO_PIN B6`, or use `#define AUDIO_PIN_ALT B6` if a `C` pin is enabled with `AUDIO_PIN`
> * `#define B7_AUDIO`
>   * enables audio on pin B5 (duophony is enables if one of B pins is enabled along with one of C pins)
>   * Depricated. Use `#define AUDIO_PIN B7`, or use `#define AUDIO_PIN_ALT B7` if a `C` pin is enabled with `AUDIO_PIN`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Deprecated. Use `#define AUDIO_PIN C4`
* `#define C5_AUDIO`	* `#define C5_AUDIO`
  * enables audio on pin C5	  * enables audio on pin C5
  * Deprecated. Use `#define AUDIO_PIN C5`
* `#define C6_AUDIO`	* `#define C6_AUDIO`
  * enables audio on pin C6	  * enables audio on pin C6
  * Deprecated. Use `#define AUDIO_PIN C6`
* `#define B5_AUDIO`	* `#define B5_AUDIO`
  * enables audio on pin B5 (duophony is enabled if one of B pins is enabled along with one of C pins)
  * Deprecated. Use `#define AUDIO_PIN B5`, or use `#define AUDIO_PIN_ALT B5` if a `C` pin is enabled with `AUDIO_PIN`
* `#define B6_AUDIO`	* `#define B6_AUDIO`
  * enables audio on pin B6 (duophony is enabled if one of B[5-7]\_AUDIO is enabled along with one of C[4-6]\_AUDIO)	  * enables audio on pin B5 (duophony is enabled if one of B pins is enabled along with one of C pins)
  * Deprecated. Use `#define AUDIO_PIN B6`, or use `#define AUDIO_PIN_ALT B6` if a `C` pin is enabled with `AUDIO_PIN`
* `#define B7_AUDIO`	* `#define B7_AUDIO`
  * enables audio on pin B7 (duophony is enabled if one of B[5-7]\_AUDIO is enabled along with one of C[4-6]\_AUDIO)	  * enables audio on pin B5 (duophony is enabled if one of B pins is enabled along with one of C pins)
  * Deprecated. Use `#define AUDIO_PIN B7`, or use `#define AUDIO_PIN_ALT B7` if a `C` pin is enabled with `AUDIO_PIN`
```

>   * Depricated. Use `#define AUDIO_PIN C4`
> * `#define C5_AUDIO`
>   * enables audio on pin C5
>   * Depricated. Use `#define AUDIO_PIN C5`
> * `#define C6_AUDIO`
>   * enables audio on pin C6
>   * Depricated. Use `#define AUDIO_PIN C6`
> * `#define B5_AUDIO`
>   * enables audio on pin B5 (duophony is enables if one of B pins is enabled along with one of C pins)
>   * Depricated. Use `#define AUDIO_PIN B5`, or use `#define AUDIO_PIN_ALT B5` if a `C` pin is enabled with `AUDIO_PIN`
> * `#define B6_AUDIO`
>   * enables audio on pin B5 (duophony is enables if one of B pins is enabled along with one of C pins)
>   * Depricated. Use `#define AUDIO_PIN B6`, or use `#define AUDIO_PIN_ALT B6` if a `C` pin is enabled with `AUDIO_PIN`
> * `#define B7_AUDIO`
>   * enables audio on pin B5 (duophony is enables if one of B pins is enabled along with one of C pins)
>   * Depricated. Use `#define AUDIO_PIN B7`, or use `#define AUDIO_PIN_ALT B7` if a `C` pin is enabled with `AUDIO_PIN`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Deprecated. Use `#define AUDIO_PIN C4`
* `#define C5_AUDIO`	* `#define C5_AUDIO`
  * enables audio on pin C5	  * enables audio on pin C5
  * Deprecated. Use `#define AUDIO_PIN C5`
* `#define C6_AUDIO`	* `#define C6_AUDIO`
  * enables audio on pin C6	  * enables audio on pin C6
  * Deprecated. Use `#define AUDIO_PIN C6`
* `#define B5_AUDIO`	* `#define B5_AUDIO`
  * enables audio on pin B5 (duophony is enabled if one of B pins is enabled along with one of C pins)
  * Deprecated. Use `#define AUDIO_PIN B5`, or use `#define AUDIO_PIN_ALT B5` if a `C` pin is enabled with `AUDIO_PIN`
* `#define B6_AUDIO`	* `#define B6_AUDIO`
  * enables audio on pin B6 (duophony is enabled if one of B[5-7]\_AUDIO is enabled along with one of C[4-6]\_AUDIO)	  * enables audio on pin B5 (duophony is enabled if one of B pins is enabled along with one of C pins)
  * Deprecated. Use `#define AUDIO_PIN B6`, or use `#define AUDIO_PIN_ALT B6` if a `C` pin is enabled with `AUDIO_PIN`
* `#define B7_AUDIO`	* `#define B7_AUDIO`
  * enables audio on pin B7 (duophony is enabled if one of B[5-7]\_AUDIO is enabled along with one of C[4-6]\_AUDIO)	  * enables audio on pin B5 (duophony is enabled if one of B pins is enabled along with one of C pins)
  * Deprecated. Use `#define AUDIO_PIN B7`, or use `#define AUDIO_PIN_ALT B7` if a `C` pin is enabled with `AUDIO_PIN`
```

Author: Fixed.
